# Our Pledge

We recognize that being on the NSDI PC is a privilege and puts us in a
position of power over members of our community, especially younger,
more vulnerable members. We pledge to make participation in the NSDI
review process a harassment-free experience, for everyone, including
authors and other reviewers, regardless of age, gender, race,
ethnicity, personal appearance, caste, color, religion, or sexual
identity and orientation.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open,
welcoming, diverse, inclusive, and healthy NSDI community and promote
positive interactions for new members.

# Our Standards

All committee members are expected to commit to the following guidelines:

* Personally read and write reviews for all of their assigned
papers. The reviews should be entirely of the reviewer’s own
devising. If you want to invite someone for a supplementary review,
you MUST contact the PC chairs for approval, wait to receive approval,
and invite the supplementary reviewer through HotCRP once approval is
granted.

* Write positive, detailed, and constructive reviews that will help
the authors revise their papers and make them better.  Not seek to
break double-blind reviewing using online search engines or other
means.

* Turn your reviews in ON TIME.

* Actively participate in all on-line discussions of the papers, and
  set aside time to attend a virtual PC meeting.

* Ensure a positive reviewing experience for everyone.

Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive reviewing experiences:

* Demonstrating empathy and kindness towards authors and other
  reviewers. Authors have put in years of work on their submissions
  and our reviews should reflect the effort that has gone into each
  submission.

* Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and
  experiences. Reviewers put many hours of their time into thoughtful
  and productive feedback, please respect your fellow reviewers and
  their efforts. The same applies to interacting with authors: while
  NSDI reviewers are certainly experts in their field, authors remain
  the ultimate experts on their work.

* Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback. We all hold
  each other to the highest reviewing standards. If you see an issue
  with a review, say something! If someone gives feedback on your
  review, please carefully consider it.

* Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our
  mistakes, and learning from the experience.

* Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but also
  for the overall community. Remember that the goal of the NSDI PC is
  to accept papers for publication, not reject them.

Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

* Personal attacks on the authors or other reviewers. Please constrain
  your feedback to the submitted work, not the authors themselves or
  other reviewers that might disagree with you.

* Bullying authors or reviewers. Using your power as a PC member to
  pressure authors or reviewers to take actions unwillingly or
  unwillingly make changes to their work. In cases of respectful but
  seemingly unresolvable disagreement, the parties involved should
  meet with the program chairs.

* Public or private harassment of all participants. Please keep the
  entire submission, reviewing and shepherding process civil.

* Any conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting (e.g., sexual or racist comments or jokes) or
  that otherwise violates the USENIX Code of Conduct.

# Enforcement Responsibilities

As members of the NSDI PC, you are considered community leaders and as
such have the responsibility for enforcing our standards of acceptable
behavior. Please alert the PC chairs to any behavior not in keeping
with community standards.

# Scope

This Code of Conduct applies to the entire reviewing process and will
be shared with all participants (i.e., reviewers and authors). The
reviewing process includes paper submission, reviewing, acceptance and
shepherding. We expect PC members to act in the highest possible
manner as a demonstration of leadership to the rest of the community.

# Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant version
2.1](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html)
and [Emery Berger’s Reviewing
guidelines](https://emeryblogger.com/2018/03/22/reviewing-guidelines-for-program-committee-members/).
